Nothing, you got that empty magazine when you got in the lorry.
And two chaps jumped up in,
and I was just about to jump in, and they all of a sudden,
pshh, what the hell was that?
You know, the sniper and the driver straight through the head.
Oh! The driver, yeah.
Went right through the cab, you know, straight in.
Oh, bugger.
Yeah, don't forget that.
No.
And when was that, Les?
That was when we come off that patrol for a clean-in.
And my corporal Parker and all that,
and the young bloody Lance Corporal as well.
Oh, you don't.
I was shamed of them.
You know, they weren't really daft.
They were watching you.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It doesn't pay to underestimate.
They knew the land, they knew they were watching you.
You know, they show smoke. That's a trick.
It touches there, or they go off there.
Simple as that.
And you would go rushing off there.
They give up the old camp there
because they know you're around that area.
So they move on.
Yeah.
They light a fire and now there's smoke.
So you go rushing over there.
They go the other way.
My cousin.